tidy_data.txt contains 180 observations of the following 68 variables:
Subject:  int
Activity:  Factor w/ 6 levels (LAYING/SITTING/STANDING/WALKING/WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS/WALKING_UPSTAIRS)
tBodyAccMeanX: Num
tBodyAccMeanY: Num
tBodyAccMeanZ: Num
tBodyAccStdX: Num
tBodyAccStdY: Num
tBodyAccStdZ: Num
tGravityAccMeanX: Num
tGravityAccMeanY: Num
tGravityAccMeanZ: Num
tGravityAccStdX: Num
tGravityAccStdY: Num
tGravityAccStdZ: Num
tBodyAccJerkMeanX: Num
tBodyAccJerkMeanY: Num
tBodyAccJerkMeanZ: Num
tBodyAccJerkStdX: Num
tBodyAccJerkStdY: Num
tBodyAccJerkStdZ: Num
tBodyGyroMeanX: Num
tBodyGyroMeanY: Num
tBodyGyroMeanZ: Num
tBodyGyroStdX: Num
tBodyGyroStdY: Num
tBodyGyroStdZ: Num
tBodyGyroJerkMeanX: Num
tBodyGyroJerkMeanY: Num
tBodyGyroJerkMeanZ: Num
tBodyGyroJerkStdX: Num
tBodyGyroJerkStdY: Num
tBodyGyroJerkStdZ: Num
tBodyAccMagMean: Num
tBodyAccMagStd: Num
tGravityAccMagMean: Num
tGravityAccMagStd: Num
tBodyAccJerkMagMean: Num
tBodyAccJerkMagStd: Num
tBodyGyroMagMean: Num
tBodyGyroMagStd: Num
tBodyGyroJerkMagMean: Num
tBodyGyroJerkMagStd: Num
fBodyAccMeanX: Num
fBodyAccMeanY: Num
fBodyAccMeanZ: Num
fBodyAccStdX: Num
fBodyAccStdY: Num
fBodyAccStdZ: Num
fBodyAccJerkMeanX: Num
fBodyAccJerkMeanY: Num
fBodyAccJerkMeanZ: Num
fBodyAccJerkStdX: Num
fBodyAccJerkStdY: Num
fBodyAccJerkStdZ: Num
fBodyGyroMeanX: Num
fBodyGyroMeanY: Num
fBodyGyroMeanZ: Num
fBodyGyroStdX: Num
fBodyGyroStdY: Num
fBodyGyroStdZ: Num
fBodyAccMagMean: Num
fBodyAccMagStd: Num
fBodyAccJerkMagMean: Num
fBodyAccJerkMagStd: Num
fBodyGyroMagMean: Num
fBodyGyroMagStd: Num
fBodyGyroJerkMagMean: Num
fBodyGyroJerkMagStd: Num

